1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

Answer : Multiplexing: HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. In contrast, HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.

2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Answer : In JavaScript, an object is a standalone entity, with properties and type. Compare it with a cup, for example. A cup is an object, with properties. A cup has a color, a design, weight, a material it is made of, etc. The same way, JavaScript objects can have properties, which define their characteristics.

3. Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address

Answer : An Internet Protocol (IP) address is the unique identifying number assigned to every device connected to the internet. An IP address definition is a numeric label assigned to devices that use the internet to communicate.

A port is a virtual point where network connections start and end. Ports are software-based and managed by a computer's operating system. Each port is associated with a specific process or service. Ports allow computers to easily differentiate between different kinds of traffic: emails go to a different port than webpages, for instance, even though both reach a computer over the same Internet connection.

HTTP defines a set of request methods to indicate the desired action to be performed for a given resource. Although they can also be nouns, these request methods are sometimes referred to as HTTP verbs. Each of them implements a different semantic, but some common features are shared by a group of them: e.g. a request method can be safe, idempotent, or cacheable.

GET
The GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET should only retrieve data.

HEAD
The HEAD method asks for a response identical to a GET request, but without the response body.

POST
The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server.

PUT
The PUT method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload.

DELETE
The DELETE method deletes the specified resource.

CONNECT
The CONNECT method establishes a tunnel to the server identified by the target resource.

OPTIONS
The OPTIONS method describes the communication options for the target resource.

TRACE
The TRACE method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.

PATCH
The PATCH method applies partial modifications to a resource.

A Media Access Control address (MAC address) is a hardware identifier that uniquely identifies each device on a network. Primarily, the manufacturer assigns it. They are often found on a device’s network interface controller (NIC) card. A MAC address can also be referred to as a burned-in address, Ethernet hardware address, hardware address, or physical address.



